DOCS-1590: Change docs for new fragment builder experience (#4224)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/software/deploy-software.md

## Prerequisites

Start by [setting up one machine](/operate/get-started/setup/).
Once your machine is connected to the Viam app, return to this page.

## Create a fragment

> Viam has a built-in tool called _{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="fragment" text="fragments" >}}_ for using the same configuration on multiple machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viam has a built-in tool called _{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="fragment" text="fragments" >}}_ that enable you to reuse one configuration across multiple machines.
```
[opt] this occurred to me the third time i read this sentence, might be better? eliminating gerunds and making the phrasing more user-centric seems like a win, in objective terms. take it or leave it
